[Registrar] Docs cleanup (#3370)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: products/registrar/src/content/get-started/transfer-uk-domain.md

  </Aside>

## Possible reasons a transfer may fail or be rejected

* The domain is locked or suspended.
* The nameservers were updated after the checkout process.
* The IPS tag update was made more than seven days after the checkout process. 

## Transferring a .UK domain to another Registrar

To transfer a `.uk` domain to another registrar, follow these steps:

> 1. Log in the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/).
> 1. Select your account and in your Accounts Home click the **Registrar** tab.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Log in to the [Cloudflare dashboard](https://dash.cloudflare.com/login) and select your account.
1. Go to **Registrar**.
```
